c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\LeisureToPDF.exe.config
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF.g.resources
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\LeisureToPDF.exe
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\LeisureToPDF.pdb
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\LeisureToPDF.DAL.exe
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\LeisureToPDF.DAL.pdb
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF.exe
c:\users\juliien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\obj\Debug\LeisureToPDF.pdb
C:\Users\Juliien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juliien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LeisureToPDF\LeisureToPDF\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
